updated last meta (#42)
dashpay/docs-core: docs/dashcore/wallet-configuration-file.md

```{eval-rst}
.. meta::

>   :title: Wallet Configuration File
>   :description: Configuration files needed to run dashd and dash-cli.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :title: Dash Core Configuration Files
  :description: Details about the configuration files needed to run dashd and dash-cli, including dash.conf and settings.json.
```
